I already told you
Shen Tinglan wouldn't like a woman like me
If it weren't for dealing with the family
I guess it's a pity to even look at me, but
How dare my family urge my uncle to get married?
Sorry, sorry.
Wang Jiajia
How could you
Go wash
You should be happy to see me like this
blame yourself
Shen Tianlan used all her connections to ban me
I can only be in this place
Do this kind of dirty work
It's not because of you
You said Shen Tianlan was
But look at you now
He must have been dumped by Rosen
Who are you?
You care so much
You're pretty reckless to go out
While hooking up with Shen Tinglan
Rosen hanging
They don't get dirty.
Keep your mouth clean
What does it have to do with Rosen?
Our Creek
Now he is with Mr. Shen Tinglan Shen
What's the matter, it's up to you
Shen Tinglan will also like it
A woman with means like you